🔀📝 Updated Documentations (#270)
it-at-m/Praktikumsplaner: doc/src/features/Praktikumsplaetze.md

Reviewer: Maybe rename all Ausbilder*in to Ausbilderin, as this is the standard in the docs

The individual [Praktikumsstelle](../glossary.md#praktikumsstelle) can also be expanded again. 
This means that all possible information on a [Praktikumsstelle](../glossary.md#praktikumsstelle) is displayed.

> ## Submission örtliche Ausbilder

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Submission örtliche Ausbilderin
```

On the page there is a button labeled `Hinzufügen`.
Clicking this button will open a dialog.

In this dialog, you can choose whether you want to report a [student](./../glossary.md#studentin) (`Studium`) or a [trainee](./../glossary.md#auszubildende) (`Ausbildung`).
This will open a page with the corresponding form.

## Submission örtliche Ausbildungsleitung

> If the user has the role for [örtliche Ausbildungsleitung](../glossary.md#ortliche-ausbildungsleitung)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

On the page there is a button labeled `Hinzufügen`.

> Clicking this button will open a dialog.

Reviewer: Deleting the first sentence and pulling "On the page there is a button labeled `Hinzufügen`." back to the top may be a good idea

> The user can use the button labeled `Hinzufügen`, to add a [Praktikumsstelle](../glossary.md#praktikumsstelle).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On the page there is a button labeled `Hinzufügen`.
```
Maybe use the same description of the button as örtliche Ausbilder above
